Lynx: Long-Term Support testnet (#2537)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/contribution_guide.rst

.. note::

  ``sphinx`` and ``sphinx_rtd_theme`` are non-standard dependencies required to build the documentation locally.

>   You can install them by running ``pip install sphinx sphinx_rtd_theme``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can install them by running ``pip install -e . -r docs-requirements.txt``.
```

Author: Oh right, I forgot about the docs-requirements file.
